
* TODO Database design

** Preliminary list of fields

*** =time=

This will be a timestamp field, common to all files.

*** =program_version=

I assume this is the program version of the datalogger that recorded the
data for each set of files.  This field is reported in MET and EC files.

*** =battery_voltage=

Units: v.

This field is reported in MET and RAD files.  Is the value of this field
the same in both sets of files?  I don't think so, as they are different
data loggers.

*** =battery_voltage_sd=

This field is reported in RAD files only.

*** =logger_temperature=

Units: C

Referred to as "panel_temperature" in the files/code.  This field is
reported in MET and RAD files.  Is the value of this field the same in both
sets of files?

*** =logger_temperature_sd=

This field is reported in RAD files only.

*** =atmospheric_pressure=

Units: kPa

I assume this is what is reported in MET and EC (as "P_tower") files.
Sampling frequency aside, are these duplicate data?

*** =air_temperature=

Units: C

This field is reported in MET files.  It is also reported in EC flux files,
where it is recorded by a sonic anemometer, both as serial and analogue
form.

*** =relative_humidity=

Units: %

This is referred to as "rh_percent" in the files/code I've seen.  This
field is reported in MET files only.

*** =surface_temperature=

Units: C

Temperature of the surface (whatever the ship is over).  This field is
reported in MET files only, and comes from an IR transducer.

*** =wind_speed=

Units: m/s

This field is reported in MET files only.  Uncorrected for ship motion.

*** =wind_direction=

Units: degrees (0 - 360; 360 is wind coming into the ship's bow).

This field is reported in MET files only.  Uncorrected for ship motion.

*** =wind_direction_sd=

I assume this is the standard deviation of wind direction during each
sampling interval.  This field is reported in MET files only.

*** =par=

Units: umol/m2/s

Incoming photosynthetic radiation .  This field is reported in MET and RAD
files.  Are these duplicate data?

*** =par_sd=

Standard deviation.  This field is reported in RAD files only.

*** =pitch=

Units: degrees

This field is reported in MET files only.  Pitch angle of the tower,
relative to sea surface.  Range of values/interpretation?

This is actually a derived field, which is calculated from 3-D acceleration
measured by the Motion Pak.

*** =roll=

Units: degrees

This field is reported in MET files only.  Roll angle of the tower,
relative to sea surface.  Range of values/intepretation?

This is actually a derived field, which is calculated from 3-D acceleration
measured by the Motion Pak.

*** =longitude=

Units: decimal degrees.

This field is reported in RMC files only.

*** =latitude=

Units: decimal degrees.

This field is reported in RMC files only.

*** =sog=

Units: kts

Ship's speed over ground.  This field is reported in RMC files only.

*** =cog=

Units: degrees

Ship's course over ground.  This field is reported in RMC files only.

*** =heading=

Units: degrees

This field is reported in Gyro files only.

*** =k_down=

Units: W/m2

Incoming shortwave radiation.  This field is reported in RAD files only.

*** =k_down_sd=

Standard deviation.  This field is reported in RAD files only.

*** =temperature_thermopile=

Units: C?

This field is reported in RAD files only, and comes from the pyrgeometer.

*** =thermopile_sd=

Standard deviation.  This field is reported in RAD files only.

*** =temperature_case=

Units: C?

This field is reported in RAD files only, and comes from the pyrgeometer.

*** =temperature_case_sd=

Standard deviation.  This field is reported in RAD files only.

*** =temperature_dome=

Units: C?

This field is reported in RAD files only, and comes from the pyrgeometer.

*** =temperature_dome_sd=

Standard deviation.  This field is reported in RAD files only.

*** =lw_in=

Units: W/m2

Incoming longwave radiation.  This field is reported in RAD files only.

*** =lw_in_sd=

Standard deviation.  This field is reported in RAD files only.

*** =uv_sensor_temperature=

Units: C

Temperature of UV sensor, presumably.  Is this right?  This field is
reported in RAD files only.

*** =uv_sensor_temperature_sd=

Standard deviation.  Is this right?  This field is reported in RAD files
only.

*** =uv_b=

Units: W/m2

Incoming UV-B radiation.  This field is reported in RAD files only.

*** =uv_b_sd=

Standard deviation.  This field is reported in RAD files only.

*** =uv_a=

Units: W/m2

Incoming UV-A radiation.  This field is reported in RAD files only.

*** =uv_a_sd=

Standard deviation.  This field is reported in RAD files only.

*** =uv_broad=

Units: W/m2

Incoming UV-broad radiation.  This field is reported in RAD files only.

*** =uv_broad_sd=

Standard deviation.  This field is reported in RAD files only.

*** =acceleration_x=

Units: g0 / s?

Is this from motion pack?  This field is reported in EC files only.

*** =acceleration_y=

Units: g0 / s?

Is this from motion pack? This field is reported in EC files only.

*** =acceleration_z=

Units: g0 / s?

Is this from motion pack? This field is reported in EC files only.

*** =rate_x=

Units: degrees / s?

What does this field represent? This field is reported in EC files only.

*** =rate_y=

Units: degrees / s?

What does this field represent? This field is reported in EC files only.

*** =rate_z=

Units: degrees / s?

What does this field represent? This field is reported in EC files only.

*** =wind_speed_u=

Units: ?

This field is reported in EC files only, in serial and/or analogue form.

*** =wind_speed_v=

Units: ?

This field is reported in EC files only, in serial and/or analogue form.

*** =wind_speed_w=

Units: ?

This field is reported in EC files only, in serial and/or analogue form.

*** =co2=

Units: ?

What does this field rperesent?  This field is reported in EC files only,
for open path (OP), closed path (CL), shrouded open path (OPSH), dry (what
is this?), and LI7200 (is this open or closed?)  systems.

*** =h2o=

Units: ?

What does this field represent?  This field is reported in EC files only,
for open path (OP), closed path (CL), shrouded open path (OPSH), dry (what
is this?), and LI7200 (is this open or closed?) systems.

*** =pressure=

Units: kPa ?

What pressure does this field represent?  This field is reported in EC
files only, for open path (OP), closed path (CL), shrouded open path
(OPSH), and LI7200 (is this open or closed?)  systems.

*** =temperature=

Units: C

What temperature does this field represent?  This field is reported in EC
files only, for open path (OP), closed path (CL), shrouded open path
(OPSH), and LI7200 (is this open or closed?)  systems.

*** =diag=

Diagnostic flag.  This field is reported in EC files only.

*** =sound_speed=

Units: m/s ?

Speed of sound, in digital form.  This field is reported in EC files only.

*** =gill_anemometer_status=

Not sure what this represents, but it seems to be a diagnostic value from
the Gill sonic anemometer, reported in digital form.  This field is
reported in EC files only.

*** =LI7000_status=

What does this field represent?  It is referred to as LI7000_mode in the
files/code I've seen.  It seems to be some status mode indicator.  This
field is reported in EC files only, as "LI7000_mode".

*** =agc_diag=

A diagnostic value from the LI-7200 analyzer, indicating how dirty the lens
is.  This field is only reported in EC files only.

*** =temperature_in=

Units: C

Temperature of gas going into LI-7200 analyzer?  This field is reported in
EC files only.

*** =temperature_out=

Units: C

Temperature of gas coming out of LI-7200 analyzer?  This field is reported
in EC files only.

*** =temperature_avg=

Units: C

Average of what?  This field is reported in EC files only.

*** =temperature_base=

Units: C

Temperature at some location of the LI-7500.  This field is reported in EC
files only.

*** =temperature_spar=

Units: C

Temperature at some location of the LI-7500.  This field is reported in EC
files only.

*** =temperature_bulb=

Units: C

Temperature at some location of the LI-7500.  This field is reported in EC
files only.

** Preliminary list of subjects

*** Meteorology

*** RMC

*** Gyro

*** Radiation

* TODO Work on templates

** TODO Make file names more meaningful

** TODO Rename fields to reflect structure in planned database

* DONE Entire program should run independently of year

** DONE Rename files and all names to reflect this independence

* TODO Implement temporary() where appropriate

* Build a single time stamp field

It's completely unnecessary to have each piece in different fields.
There's a reason ISO implemented a standard for time information.

* Use read_std_file throughout for standardized files


* Questions regarding S. Miller's motion.m

** Output definitions

I don't understand what all the outputs mean.

I do understand that the first argument is the ship-referenced wind
vectors, without the north offset of our anemometer.  However, if we
eventually want the earth-referenced winds, the script does output that.
It sounds as though this is true wind.



* Emacs local variables

#+STARTUP: content
#+PROPERTY: results silent
# Local Variables:
# mode: org
# End:
